Update version for the next release (v0.9.1) (#259)
meilisearch/meilisearch-dart: CHANGELOG.md

[comment]: <> (All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.)

# 0.9.1

> - [web] Fix a bug which affected the web platform regarding the override of `User-Agent`. Now the header used to sent the client name information is the `X-Meilisearch-Client` one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [web] Fix a bug that affected the web platform regarding the override of `User-Agent`. Now the header used to send the client name information is the `X-Meilisearch-Client` one.
```
